README.md, before:


# AWS APIGW custom domain setup using Python and CDK.

This repo contains an example to set up custom domain for a APIs hosted via APIGW. 
AWS CDK with Python is used to set up the custom domain.

## Pre-requisites

- AWS CLI is installed and a profile is set up.
- AWS CDK is installed. First install node.js on machine and then run `npm i -g aws-cdk `.
- Python is installed on the machine.

## Creating a CDK App locally from this repo.

Clone the Repo on your machine.

```
git clone https://github.com/gigsbyips/aws-apigw-custom-domain-setup.git
cd app-infra-with-cdk

```
The `cdk.json` file is used by CDK to run the application. Context variables used by some of the stacks are listed in the `cdk.json` file. Please change their values for your work.

Create and activate a python virtual environment. When we initialize a CDK app with `cdk init app --language=python`, then a virtual env is auto created for us. Here we need to create it manually.

```
$ python -m venv .venv
% .venv\Scripts\activate.bat
```

Once the virtualenv is activated, install the required dependencies.

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Bootstrapping your AWS environment
The bootstrap command creates some necessary resources that are used by CDK behind the scene like S3 bucket where the CloudFormation templates are uploaded by CDK.

```
cdk bootstrap       # Deploys a stack in the account and region of the default profile
cdk bootstrap <ACCOUNT-NUMBER/REGION>
cdk bootstrap --profile <test_profile> <ACCOUNT-NUMBER/REGION>
```
## Set values of the context variables in `cdk.json` file.
- Hosted Zone or domain name that you own.
- Custom domain name that you want to create.
- SAN for the certificate, if any.

## Some useful commands for AWS CDK.

```
$ cdk ls                                                  # List all stacks
$ cdk synth --profile <PROFILE_NAME>
$ cdk synth <StackName> --profile <ProfileNamme>
$ cdk diff <StackName> --profile <ProfileNamme>           # Check changeset of a particular stack.
$ cdk deploy --profile <PROFILE_NAME>

```

Commit message:

updated readme file to indicate branches for EDGE opitimized API scenario

README.md, after:


# AWS APIGW custom domain setup using Python and CDK.

This repo contains an example to set up custom domain for a APIs hosted via APIGW. 
AWS CDK with Python is used to set up the custom domain.

## Important- For EDGE optimised APIs
IF the API you are going to create is EDGE optimized, then AWS expects the certificate (used by custom domain) to be hosted in us-east-1 region irrespective of the region where the API is hosted.
So, for those cases please refer branches `crossregion-certs-for-edge-api-using-custom-resource` and `crossregion-certs-for-edge-apis`

## Pre-requisites

- AWS CLI is installed and a profile is set up.
- AWS CDK is installed. First install node.js on machine and then run `npm i -g aws-cdk `.
- Python is installed on the machine.

## Creating a CDK App locally from this repo.

Clone the Repo on your machine.

```
git clone https://github.com/gigsbyips/aws-apigw-custom-domain-setup.git
cd app-infra-with-cdk

```
The `cdk.json` file is used by CDK to run the application. Context variables used by some of the stacks are listed in the `cdk.json` file. Please change their values for your work.

Create and activate a python virtual environment. When we initialize a CDK app with `cdk init app --language=python`, then a virtual env is auto created for us. Here we need to create it manually.

```
$ python -m venv .venv
% .venv\Scripts\activate.bat
```

Once the virtualenv is activated, install the required dependencies.

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Bootstrapping your AWS environment
The bootstrap command creates some necessary resources that are used by CDK behind the scene like S3 bucket where the CloudFormation templates are uploaded by CDK.

```
cdk bootstrap       # Deploys a stack in the account and region of the default profile
cdk bootstrap <ACCOUNT-NUMBER/REGION>
cdk bootstrap --profile <test_profile> <ACCOUNT-NUMBER/REGION>
```
## Set values of the context variables in `cdk.json` file.
- Hosted Zone or domain name that you own.
- Custom domain name that you want to create.
- SAN for the certificate, if any.

## Some useful commands for AWS CDK.

```
$ cdk ls                                                  # List all stacks
$ cdk synth --profile <PROFILE_NAME>
$ cdk synth <StackName> --profile <ProfileNamme>
$ cdk diff <StackName> --profile <ProfileNamme>           # Check changeset of a particular stack.
$ cdk deploy --profile <PROFILE_NAME>

```
